

Video 1
Install Wallet File

Welcome to another BTCPay video
Today we are going to install a wallet file from a Cold Card
Before we begin make sure your wallet seed phrases are written down and stored securely 
First power the device and enter your pin
Next make sure an micro SD is in your Cold Card 
Once your in the UI scroll down to choose advanced > File Management > then Export Wallet 
For BTCPAY choose Electrum Wallet, Then Native-Segwit
You'll get a confirmation the wallet has been exported 
Now remove the micro sd and place it into a device your using to access your BTCPay node
This should be a laptop or desktop computer, do not insert this into your mynode or umbrel
In this example we're going to make a new store for this cold card wallet file
Choose Set Up wallet then connect an existing wallet
Then select import wallet file and then on the next page click on "choose file"
Navigate to the Micro SD your wallet file was exported to earlier.
Once you've imported that addresses will show up on screen
Check those addresses against your now
Go back to cold card and choose Address Explorer then confirm by hitting 4 and choose the "bc1 address"
If you've installed the correct wallet file the addresses on screen and addresses on your cold card should match.
Click confirm to complete the wallet import. 
If you'd like to double check you've got it working check Xpub in your dashboard against the Xpub shown on your cold card screen.
Create another store with another X Pub and host as many wallet files as you'd like
Thanks for watching another BTCPay video
Please reach out to us in our Mattermost for questions or check out our documentation for more information on installing a wallet file.


Video 2
Create PSBT & Sign PBST

Welcome to another BTCPay video
Today we are going to spend bitcoin using our cold card and BTCPay
Before we begin make sure your you have your cold card wallet file imported and your node is fully synced 
First we are going to spend bitcoin and you can do that right in side of BTCPAY
To begin a partial signed bitcoin transaction go to wallets on the left and click on bitcoin
Then in the top right click "send"
Enter the destination adress, amount, fee rate.
Below destination address these is a show coin selection if choose which UTXO you'd like to spend.
If you want to sweep this wallet completly click the "avilible balance" 
Next we click "sign transaction" to start the PSBT
You'll automaticly be taken to a new page to choose your signing method
For Cold Card specificly we're going to select Partially Signed Bitcoin Transaction
At the top under trnasactions you'll see the amount your spending and some additional information under inputs
Until this transaction is signed you'll see a warning sybmol under inputs index
Scroll past sign transaction for now and click the down arrow to "export PSBT for signing"
Click download PSBT file, this will auto be named psbt-export.psbt.
Keep this page open in your browser while you doing the following steps.
Go to your downloads folder or wherever you told the PSBT to save. 
I like to rename mine to make it easier to see which PSBT on my cold card
Save that to a micro SD card 
No go your cold card and input your pin, once your in the UI select ready to sign. 
Cold card should recoginize the unsigned PSBT and will ask you if you'd like to sign it.
Follow the steps to sign the PSBT then re insert your micro sd into the machine your accessing btcpay server.
Return to the transaction details page click the drop down for Provide updated PSBT.
Choose file and locate your micro SD with the PSBT and click open.
Next click Decode PSBT and you'll notice the page change to confrim broadcasting this transaction.
Finally click broadcast your bitcoin will be spent.
You'll be retured to the bitcoin wallet settings page with a transaction ID
Select, copy and paste this ID into mempool.space if you'd like to watch the transaction confirmations
Other wise you can see your recent transactions back on the main dashboard.
Thanks for watching another BTCPay video
Please reach out to us in our Mattermost for questions or check out our documentation for more information on signing a PSBT.




