Wallet File Script 

1 - Welcoome explain video
2 - Show Dashboard
3 - Click on Set up a Wallet 
4 - Leave BTCPay to Electrum
5 - Create New/Restore Wallet File in Electrum
6 - Follow wallet set up and save keys 
7 - File 'Save backup' in electrum
8 - Return BTCPay connect an existing wallet 
9 - Import wallet file
10 - Choose file and locate that saved back up, click continue 
11 - Check wallet address in BTCPay compared too 'address' view in electrum
12 - Give it a name and save wallet settings
13 - Show green light is on under wallets 
14 - Back to dashboard and show 
15 - Go back to wallet show Replace / Remove Wallet Features 



Script:

Welcome to another BTCPay instructional video.

In this video I'm going to add a new wallet I've previously created on electrum.

For this example my BTCPay is hosted on my Umbrel node and my lightning node is already connected.

Neither of those are prerequisites just mentionting my set up if yours looks a bit differnt on voltage or another hosting platform.

From the dashboard, click "Set up a Wallet"

Choose "Connect an existing wallet". 

There are many methods to possibly use, for our example we are going to select "Import Wallet File"

Next im going to open up electrum and save a back up of my wallet file. Click on file then "save backup"

Remember where you have saved this for the next step.

Go back to BTCPay where you left off. Click choose file, navigate to where you saved that wallet file and then click continue

To confirm this is the correct wallet file check the addresses listed against your addresses shown in electrum.

If you do not see the addresses tab in electrum click on view then "show addresses"

These should be the same addresses shown in electrum and BTCPay if you have selected the correct wallet file.

After you have checked that finally click confirm. 

Now your new wallet file is connected to this BTCPay store. 

There are some more advanced settings if you'd change your confirmation requirements or invoice expiration time.

The most important thing to keep in mind is each store you create can have its own wallet and lightning node.

When your happy with the settings click save payment settings. 

Lastley if you would like to remove this wallet go back to the dashboard, then click bitcoin under the wallets pannel on the left

At the top you should see a drop down menu called "actions" 

Select remove wallet, then a pop up window will ask you to confirm this action.

Type "remove", note this is case sensitive. 

Thank you for watching another BTCPay instuctional video, please check out documentation if your looking for more information on importing wallet files.









